sdks/web.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Web SDK'
icon: browser
description: 'Track user events in web applications with the Formo Web SDK.'
---

## Installation

[Install](/install) the JavaScript SDK via CDN or NPM.

```bash
npm install @formo/analytics --save
```

## API

The Web3 SDK implements the standard [Events API](/data/events#events-api).

## Configuration

### Batching

To support high-performance environments, the SDK sends events in batches. 
The SDK queues in memory every event the track method logs. 

```tsx
<AnalyticsProvider
    writeKey={WRITE_KEY}
    options={{
        flushAt: 3,
        flushInterval: 1000 * 10, // 10 secs
    }}
>
```

Customize this behavior with the `flushAt` and `flushInterval` configuration parameters. 

### Debugging

Control the level of logs the SDK prints to the console with the following logLevel settings:

```tsx
<AnalyticsProvider
    writeKey={WRITE_KEY}
    options={{
        logger: {
            enabled: true,
            levels: ["error", "warn", "info"],
        },
    }}
>
```

The SDK omits logs in localhost by default. To enable logs, set `trackLocalhost` to `true`:

```tsx
<AnalyticsProvider
    writeKey={WRITE_KEY}
    options={{
        trackLocalhost: true,
        logger: {
            enabled: true,
            levels: ["error", "warn", "info"],
        },
    }}
>
```

| Log Level | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| trace | Shows the most detailed diagnostic information, useful for tracing program execution flow. |
| debug | Shows all messages, including function context information for each public method the SDK invokes. |
| info | Shows informative messages about normal application operation. |
| warn | Default. Shows error and warning messages. |
| error | Shows error messages only. |

Commit message:

Add docs for custom events (#24)
* Add docs for custom events

* Rename value to points

sdks/web.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Web SDK'
icon: browser
description: 'Track user events in web applications with the Formo Web SDK.'
---

## Installation

[Install](/install) the JavaScript SDK via CDN or NPM.

```bash
npm install @formo/analytics --save
```

## API

The Web3 SDK implements the standard [Events API](/data/events#events-api).

### Tracking custom events

Once the `analytics` object is available in `window.formo` or the `useFormo()` hook, call the `track()` function:

```ts
analytics.track(
  "Liquidity Added",  // event name
  {
    pool_id: "LINK/ETH",
    revenue: 99.99,     // revenue or fees
    currency: "USD",    // currency
    points: 99.99        // points for XP or rewards
  }
)
```

## Configuration

### Batching

To support high-performance environments, the SDK sends events in batches. 
The SDK queues in memory every event the track method logs. 

```tsx
<AnalyticsProvider
    writeKey={WRITE_KEY}
    options={{
        flushAt: 3,
        flushInterval: 1000 * 10, // 10 secs
    }}
>
```

Customize this behavior with the `flushAt` and `flushInterval` configuration parameters. 

### Debugging

Control the level of logs the SDK prints to the console with the following logLevel settings:

```tsx
<AnalyticsProvider
    writeKey={WRITE_KEY}
    options={{
        logger: {
            enabled: true,
            levels: ["error", "warn", "info"],
        },
    }}
>
```

The SDK omits logs in localhost by default. To enable logs, set `trackLocalhost` to `true`:

```tsx
<AnalyticsProvider
    writeKey={WRITE_KEY}
    options={{
        trackLocalhost: true,
        logger: {
            enabled: true,
            levels: ["error", "warn", "info"],
        },
    }}
>
```

| Log Level | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| trace | Shows the most detailed diagnostic information, useful for tracing program execution flow. |
| debug | Shows all messages, including function context information for each public method the SDK invokes. |
| info | Shows informative messages about normal application operation. |
| warn | Default. Shows error and warning messages. |
| error | Shows error messages only. |
