features/product-analytics/custom-events.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Custom events'
description: 'Track custom events and user actions such as clicks and conversions with structured data collection.'
---

> 🚧 In development. <a href="https://cal.com/formo/30min">Reach out</a> to get early access. 🚧

The Formo SDK offers an easy-to-use event collection library that allows you to track custom events in your dapp.
Ensure high quality, structured data with Formo. 

```js
    formo.track(
		"product_added", {
			product_id: "123",
			product_name: "Formo T-shirt",
			price: 100,
			quantity: 2
		}
	)
```

When naming events, Formo recommends establishing a consistent naming convention that uses:

- Consistent formatting: Formo converts all events to be lower case with underscores: `song_played`. Otherwise, 'Song Played' and 'song played' will be two separate events. This naming convention helps to prevent messy data, especially when multiple teams send the same event.
- A consistent syntax: Song Played and Played Song are also considered separate events. For example, a standard of `[Noun] + [Past-Tense Verb]` ensures all your events are consistent.
- A consistent actor: Does 'Message Sent' mean that the user sent a message or that you sent a message to the user? If all your events are named in a way that reflects the user's perspective, the meaning is clear immediately.

Seamlessly integrate with Formo's [Wallet Intelligence](/features/wallet-intelligence) to get a holistic view of each customer from anonymous to known.

Use [Funnels](/features/product-analytics/funnels) to understand how users interact with your dapp.

Commit message:

Custom events (#25)
* Add docs for custom events

* Rename value to points

* Update custom events doc

features/product-analytics/custom-events.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Custom events'
description: 'Track custom events and user actions such as clicks and conversions with structured data collection.'
---


The Formo SDK offers an easy-to-use event collection library that allows you to track custom events in your dapp.
Ensure high quality, structured data with Formo. 

Formo also supports `revenue` and `points` tracking. [Learn more about tracking revenue](/data/events/track#properties).

```js
    formo.track(
		"product_added", {
			product_id: "123",
			product_name: "Formo T-shirt",
			price: 100,
			revenue: 10.5,
			points: 4.1
		}
	)
```

When naming events, Formo recommends establishing a consistent naming convention that uses:

- Consistent formatting: Event names are case sensitive.
- A consistent syntax: Song Played and Played Song are also considered separate events. For example, a standard of `[Noun] + [Past-Tense Verb]` ensures all your events are consistent.
- A consistent actor: Does 'Message Sent' mean that the user sent a message or that you sent a message to the user? If all your events are named in a way that reflects the user's perspective, the meaning is clear immediately.

Custom events integrates with Formo's [Wallet Intelligence](/features/wallet-intelligence) to give you a complete picture of each user's journey.
[Funnels](/features/product-analytics/funnels) help you understand how your users interact with your dapp.
