features/product-analytics/overview.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Overview'
description: 'Track and analyze user behavior, engagement, and growth metrics for your dapp with web3-native analytics.'
---

Product analytics helps you **understand who is using your dapp and how it is being used**. 
Track the full user journey, from the first visit to confirmed transaction and beyond with Formo's web3-native attribution engine:

- 🎯 <a href="/features/product-analytics/growth-metrics">**Growth metrics.**</a> Track visitor counts, active users, transactions, revenue, and churn. Measure engagement and growth over time.
- 🏃‍♀️‍➡️ <a href="/features/product-analytics/activity">**Activity feed.**</a> Get real-time visibility into user behaviour. Uncover hidden drop-off points and retention drivers. 
- ⚡️ <a href="/features/product-analytics/custom-events">**Custom events.**</a> Track custom user actions in your app. 
- 🌐 <a href="/features/product-analytics/contract-events">**Contract events.**</a> Track smart contract events happening onchain in realtime. 
- 📊 <a href="/features/product-analytics/funnels">**Funnels.**</a> Follow your users from visit to conversion with multi-step funnel analysis.
- 🧭 <a href="/features/product-analytics/flows">**User flows & paths.**</a> Analyze user paths and identify common flows through your app.
- 📈 <a href="/features/product-analytics/charts">**Charts builder.**</a> Create your own customizable charts and dashboards.
- 📅 <a href="/features/product-analytics/retention">**Retention.**</a> Measure how many users return to your app over time.
- 🔔 <a href="/features/product-analytics/alerts">**Alerts.**</a> Get notified about whales and critical user actions.

> Raw and processed data is available for querying and export in the [SQL Query API](/api-reference/overview#sql-query-api).

Commit message:

Add cross subdomain tracking docs

features/product-analytics/overview.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Overview'
description: 'Track and analyze user behavior, engagement, and growth metrics for your dapp with web3-native analytics.'
---

Product analytics helps you **understand who is using your dapp and how it is being used**. 
Track the full user journey, from the first visit to confirmed transaction and beyond with Formo's web3-native attribution engine:

## Cross-Subdomain Tracking

Formo automatically tracks visitors across all subdomains of your main domain, giving you a unified view of user journeys and attribution accuracy. This means you can follow users as they move between your marketing site, app, blog, and other subdomains—no extra setup required.

To enable cross-subdomain analytics, simply use your root domain when adding your project in the Formo dashboard (see the Add Project screen). The Formo SDK will handle all cookie and session management for you, ensuring seamless analytics across your entire domain ecosystem.

**Benefits:**
- Unified visitor journey: Track users as they navigate between your main site, app, and other subdomains
- Accurate attribution: Attribute conversions to the correct marketing channel, even if users move between subdomains
- Complete analytics: Get holistic data about user behavior across your full domain
- Simplified reporting: View combined traffic and conversion data in a single dashboard

Track the full user journey, from the first visit to confirmed transaction and beyond with Formo's web3-native attribution engine:

- 🎯 <a href="/features/product-analytics/growth-metrics">**Growth metrics.**</a> Track visitor counts, active users, transactions, revenue, and churn. Measure engagement and growth over time.
- 🏃‍♀️‍➡️ <a href="/features/product-analytics/activity">**Activity feed.**</a> Get real-time visibility into user behaviour. Uncover hidden drop-off points and retention drivers. 
- ⚡️ <a href="/features/product-analytics/custom-events">**Custom events.**</a> Track custom user actions in your app. 
- 🌐 <a href="/features/product-analytics/contract-events">**Contract events.**</a> Track smart contract events happening onchain in realtime. 
- 📊 <a href="/features/product-analytics/funnels">**Funnels.**</a> Follow your users from visit to conversion with multi-step funnel analysis.
- 🧭 <a href="/features/product-analytics/flows">**User flows & paths.**</a> Analyze user paths and identify common flows through your app.
- 📈 <a href="/features/product-analytics/charts">**Charts builder.**</a> Create your own customizable charts and dashboards.
- 📅 <a href="/features/product-analytics/retention">**Retention.**</a> Measure how many users return to your app over time.
- 🔔 <a href="/features/product-analytics/alerts">**Alerts.**</a> Get notified about whales and critical user actions.

> Raw and processed data is available for querying and export in the [SQL Query API](/api-reference/overview#sql-query-api).
