api-reference/introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: 'API Reference'
description: 'Integrate Formo with your web3 application'
---

# Formo API Reference

The Formo API enables you to programmatically create and manage token-gated forms, handle wallet verification, and analyze onchain user data. Build powerful web3 experiences by integrating Formo with your dapp.

## API Capabilities

### Form Management

-   Create and customize token-gated forms
-   Set wallet verification requirements
-   Manage form access controls
-   Handle form submissions

### Wallet Intelligence

-   Access wallet profile data
-   Query reputation scores
-   Verify token holdings
-   Track onchain activity

### Analytics

-   Monitor active wallet metrics
-   Track form engagement
-   Analyze user retention
-   Measure onchain attribution

## Base URL

All API requests should be made to:

```bash
https://api.formo.so/api
```

## Authentication

All requests require a Workspace API key in the headers:

```bash
x-api-key: your_workspace_api_key
```

Get your API key from your [workspace settings](https://app.formo.so/settings).

## Response Format

All API responses follow this structure:

```json
{
  "isSuccess": boolean,
  "data": object | null,
  "message": string | null,
  "error": object | null
}
```

## Quick Links

-   [Authentication Guide](/api-reference/endpoint/authentication)
-   [Webhook Integration](/api-reference/endpoint/webhooks)
-   [Form Management](/api-reference/endpoint/get)

## Support

Need help with integration?

-   Check our [Help Center](https://help.formo.so)
-   Email us at [support@formo.so](mailto:support@formo.so)
-   Join our [Discord community](https://discord.gg/formo)

Commit message:

Clearer naming and structure
- Example endpoints have clearer names
- auth and webhooks moved from endpoint example to docs section
- removed redundant headers

api-reference/introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: 'API Reference'
description: 'Integrate Formo with your web3 application'
---

The Formo API enables you to programmatically create and manage token-gated forms, handle wallet verification, and analyze onchain user data. Build powerful web3 experiences by integrating Formo with your dapp.

## API Capabilities

### Form Management

-   Create and customize token-gated forms
-   Set wallet verification requirements
-   Manage form access controls
-   Handle form submissions

### Wallet Intelligence

-   Access wallet profile data
-   Query reputation scores
-   Verify token holdings
-   Track onchain activity

### Analytics

-   Monitor active wallet metrics
-   Track form engagement
-   Analyze user retention
-   Measure onchain attribution

## Base URL

All API requests should be made to:

```bash
https://api.formo.so/api
```

## Authentication

API requests require a Workspace API key in the request headers. Find your API key in your workspace settings.

```bash
x-api-key: your_workspace_api_key
```

<Info>
	See our [Authentication Guide](/api-reference/authentication) for detailed
	setup instructions and best practices.
</Info>

## Response Format

All API responses follow this structure:

```json
{
  "isSuccess": boolean,
  "data": object | null,
  "message": string | null,
  "error": object | null
}
```

## Quick Links

-   [Authentication Guide](/api-reference/endpoint/authentication)
-   [Webhook Integration](/api-reference/endpoint/webhooks)
-   [Form Management](/api-reference/endpoint/get)

## Support

Need help with integration?

-   Check our [Help Center](https://help.formo.so)
-   Email us at [support@formo.so](mailto:support@formo.so)
-   Join our [Discord community](https://discord.gg/formo)
