api-reference/overview.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Platform API Reference'
description: 'Integrate Formo with your favourite apps'
---

## Forms API

Use the Forms API to programmatically create and manage token-gated forms and responses. 

-   Create and customize token-gated forms
-   Set wallet verification requirements
-   Manage form access controls
-   Handle form submissions

## Analytics API

> Coming soon. 

- Query raw analytics events, materialized views, and metrics.
- Export analytics data periodically to Kafka or AWS S3.

## Base URL

All API requests should be made to:

```bash
https://api.formo.so/api
```

## Authentication

API requests require a Workspace API key in the request headers. Find your API key in your workspace settings.

```bash
x-api-key: your_workspace_api_key
```

<Info>
	See our [Authentication Guide](/api-reference/authentication) for detailed
	setup instructions and best practices.
</Info>

## Response Format

All API responses follow this structure:

```json
{
  "isSuccess": boolean,
  "data": object | null,
  "message": string | null,
  "error": object | null
}
```

## Quick Links

-   [Authentication Guide](/api-reference/authentication)
-   [Webhook Integration](/api-reference/webhooks)

## Support & Feedback

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="Slack" icon="slack" href="https://formo.so/slack">
    Join our Slack community
  </Card>
  <Card title="Twitter" icon="x" href="https://x.com/getformo">
    Send us a tweet or DM us any time
  </Card>
  <Card title="Email" icon="envelope" href="mailto:support@formo.so">
    Email us at [support@formo.so](mailto:support@formo.so)
  </Card>
  <Card title="Founder" icon="comments" href="mailto:yos@formo.so">
    Bug him at [yos@formo.so](mailto:yos@formo.so) (share anything that’s on your mind - the good and the bad).
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

Commit message:

Document planned features & roadmap (#15)
* [G-1515] Document SDK functions, event schemas, roadmap (WIP)

* Add planned features

* More content

* Content

* Add contract events

* Refine links

* Fix cal links

* Updates

* APIs

api-reference/overview.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Overview'
description: 'Integrate Formo with your product and third-party apps.'
---

## SQL Query API

- Query and filter raw analytics events, materialized views, and metrics.
- Return an activity/event stream for a user.
- Export analytics data periodically to Kafka or AWS S3.

> 🚧 In development. <a href="https://cal.com/formo/30min">Reach out</a> to get early access. 🚧

## Wallet Profiles API

- Fetch wallet profile properties including net worth and wallet labels
- Detect if a user is a bot with wallet reputation scores
- Real-time activation API that unifies wallet profile data with in-app wallet messaging

> 🚧 In development. <a href="https://cal.com/formo/30min">Reach out</a> to get early access. 🚧

## Forms API

Use the Forms API to programmatically create and manage token-gated forms and responses. 

-   Create and customize token-gated forms
-   Set wallet verification requirements
-   Manage form access controls
-   Handle form submissions

## Base URL

All API requests should be made to:

```bash
https://api.formo.so/api
```

## Authentication

API requests require a Workspace API key in the request headers.

```bash
x-api-key: your_workspace_api_key
```

<Info>
	See our [Authentication Guide](/api-reference/authentication) for detailed
	setup instructions and best practices.
</Info>

## Response Format

All API responses follow this structure:

```json
{
  "isSuccess": boolean,
  "data": object | null,
  "message": string | null,
  "error": object | null
}
```

## Quick Links

-   [Authentication Guide](/api-reference/authentication)
-   [Webhook Integration](/api-reference/webhooks)

## Support & Feedback

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="Slack" icon="slack" href="https://formo.so/slack">
    Join our Slack community
  </Card>
  <Card title="Twitter" icon="x" href="https://x.com/getformo">
    Send us a tweet or DM us any time
  </Card>
  <Card title="Email" icon="envelope" href="mailto:support@formo.so">
    Email us at [support@formo.so](mailto:support@formo.so)
  </Card>
  <Card title="Founder" icon="comments" href="mailto:yos@formo.so">
    Bug him at [yos@formo.so](mailto:yos@formo.so) (share anything that’s on your mind - the good and the bad).
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
