api-reference/webhooks.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Webhooks'
description: 'Overview of Formo webhook functionality'
---

Formo uses webhooks to notify your application about form events in real-time. You can subscribe to different event types and receive notifications when forms are submitted or updated.

## Available Webhook Events

-   `FORM_SUBMISSION`: Triggered when a user submits a form
-   `FORM_UPDATED`: Triggered when a form is updated

## Managing Webhooks

### Creating Webhooks

To create a new webhook subscription, use the [Subscribe to Webhook](/api-reference/endpoint/subscribe) endpoint.

### Listing Webhooks

To view all your webhook subscriptions for a form, use the [List Webhooks](/api-reference/endpoint/list) endpoint.

### Removing Webhooks

To remove a webhook subscription, use the [Unsubscribe from Webhook](/api-reference/endpoint/unsubscribe) endpoint.

## Event Payload

When an event occurs, Formo will send a POST request to your webhook URL with the following payload structure:

```json
{
	"formId": "string",
	"formTitle": "string",
	"submissionId": "string",
	"submittedAt": "string"
	// Form field data with transformed values
}
```

## Best Practices

1. **Verify Requests**: Always validate that requests are coming from Formo by checking the API key
2. **Handle Retries**: Implement retry logic in case your endpoint is temporarily unavailable
3. **Process Asynchronously**: Handle webhook events asynchronously to prevent timeouts
4. **Monitor Events**: Keep track of webhook delivery status for debugging

Commit message:

added form-id section
- Guide on how to find form ID
- In endpoints that require form ID: link to guide

api-reference/webhooks.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Webhooks'
description: 'Overview of Formo webhook functionality'
---

Formo uses webhooks to notify your application about form events in real-time. You can subscribe to different event types and receive notifications when forms are submitted or updated.

## Finding Your Form ID

Before setting up webhooks, you'll need your Form ID. To locate it:

1. Click on the form you want to track
2. Navigate to Settings
3. Select General from the sidebar
4. Find and copy your Form ID from the displayed information

![Finding your Form ID](/images/form-id.png)

## Available Webhook Events

-   `FORM_SUBMISSION`: Triggered when a user submits a form
-   `FORM_UPDATED`: Triggered when a form is updated

## Managing Webhooks

### Creating Webhooks

To create a new webhook subscription, use the [Subscribe to Webhook](/api-reference/endpoint/subscribe) endpoint.

### Listing Webhooks

To view all your webhook subscriptions for a form, use the [List Webhooks](/api-reference/endpoint/list) endpoint.

### Removing Webhooks

To remove a webhook subscription, use the [Unsubscribe from Webhook](/api-reference/endpoint/unsubscribe) endpoint.

## Event Payload

When an event occurs, Formo will send a POST request to your webhook URL with the following payload structure:

```json
{
	"formId": "string",
	"formTitle": "string",
	"submissionId": "string",
	"submittedAt": "string"
	// Form field data with transformed values
}
```

## Best Practices

1. **Verify Requests**: Always validate that requests are coming from Formo by checking the API key
2. **Handle Retries**: Implement retry logic in case your endpoint is temporarily unavailable
3. **Process Asynchronously**: Handle webhook events asynchronously to prevent timeouts
4. **Monitor Events**: Keep track of webhook delivery status for debugging
