data/what-we-collect.mdx, before:

---
title: 'What we collect'
---

We collect as little information as is necessary to give you actionable analytics in web3. 

Here is a list of what we do and don’t collect from your visitors.

### NO Cookies

> We do NOT read nor set any cookies.

We care about the privacy of your visitors. Cookies are something that can track visitors across multiple pages or even multiple websites. 

*We do not use cookies, browser cache, nor the local storage. We do not store, retrieve nor extract anything from visitor’s devices.*

### NO IP addresses

> We do NOT collect IP addresses.

The raw IP address data is never stored in our logs, databases or anywhere on disk at all.

### NO Fingerprinting

> We do NOT use device fingerprinting.
We do not attempt to generate a device-persistent identifier because they are considered personal data under GDPR. 
Every single HTTP request sends the IP address and the User-Agent to the server so that’s what we use. 

We generate a daily changing identifier using the visitor’s IP address and User-Agent. 
To anonymize these datapoints and make them impossible to relate back to the user, we run them through a hash function with a rotating salt.

### User Agent

> We collect and store user agents.

User agents are the identifiers of the browser and device of the visitor. Browsers or devices identify themselves to websites. 
We collect and store the user agent to identify the browser and device of the visitor.

### Country

> We collect and store country of each visitor.

We collect visitor country based on the their time zone, not their IP address. Every country has their own time zone and modern devices automatically update the time zone when the device travels. 
The time zone is limited to a country, so we can’t get data about a city or region within a country.

### Language

> We collect and store language of each visitor.

Devices are set to a certain language. We collect the language of the device being used by a visitor.

### URL

> We collect and store URLs.

We collect the URL to track page visits and referrers.

### Referrer

> We collect and store referrers.

Referrers answer the question “Where did this visitor come from?”. Browsers send the URL of the previous website as a referrer. 
We also check UTM-parameters. You can see a list of your site's referrers in your dashboard.

### UTM parameters

> We collect and store UTM parameters.

UTM parameters such as `utm_source`, `utm_medium`, and `utm_campaign`, are a way to track the source of a visitor. 
They are added to a URL to track where a visitor came from.

We track these UTM codes:

- `utm_source` (e.g.: google.com)
- `utm_medium` (e.g.: search)
- `utm_campaign` (e.g.: summer_sale)

### Wallet Type

> We collect and store the crypto wallet type of visitors.

We collect the wallet type (EIP6963's `rdns` identifier) to identify the wallet type of the visitor.

### Wallet Address

> We collect and store wallet addresses.

We collect the wallet address to identify a visitor.

### Chain Id

> We collect and store chain ids.

We collect the chain id to identify the connected chain of the visitor.

### Wallet Connected

> We collect and store wallet connected status.

We collect the wallet connected status to identify if a visitor has connected their wallet.

### Sig and Tx Metadata

> We collect and store signature and transaction metadata.

We show you user activity feeds, similar to a blockchain explorer.
To display this data, we collect signature and transaction metadata such as statuses (success, failed, pending, etc.) and hashes.

Commit message:

Document planned features & roadmap (#15)
* [G-1515] Document SDK functions, event schemas, roadmap (WIP)

* Add planned features

* More content

* Content

* Add contract events

* Refine links

* Fix cal links

* Updates

* APIs

data/what-we-collect.mdx, after:

---
title: 'What we collect'
---

We collect as little information as is necessary to give you actionable analytics in web3. 

Here is a list of what we do and don’t collect from your visitors.

### NO Cookies

> We do NOT read nor set any cookies.

We care about the privacy of your visitors. Cookies are something that can track visitors across multiple pages or even multiple websites. 

*We do not use cookies, browser cache, nor the local storage. We do not store, retrieve nor extract anything from visitor’s devices.*

### NO IP addresses

> We do NOT collect IP addresses.

The raw IP address data is never stored in our logs, databases or anywhere on disk at all.

### NO Fingerprinting

> We do NOT use device fingerprinting.
We do not attempt to generate a device-persistent identifier because they are considered personal data under GDPR. 
Every single HTTP request sends the IP address and the User-Agent to the server so that’s what we use. 

We generate a daily changing identifier using the visitor’s IP address and User-Agent. 
To anonymize these datapoints and make them impossible to relate back to the user, we run them through a hash function with a rotating salt.

### User Agent

> We collect and store user agents.

User agents are the identifiers of the browser and device of the visitor. Browsers or devices identify themselves to websites. 
We collect and store the user agent to identify the browser and device of the visitor.

### Country

> We collect and store country of each visitor.

We collect visitor country based on the their time zone, not their IP address. Every country has their own time zone and modern devices automatically update the time zone when the device travels. 
The time zone is limited to a country, so we can’t get data about a city or region within a country.

### Language

> We collect and store language of each visitor.

Devices are set to a certain language. We collect the language of the device being used by a visitor.

### URL

> We collect and store URLs.

We collect the URL to track page visits and referrers.

### Referrer

> We collect and store referrers.

Referrers answer the question “Where did this visitor come from?”. Browsers send the URL of the previous website as a referrer. 
We also check UTM-parameters. You can see a list of your site's referrers in your dashboard.

### UTM parameters

> We collect and store UTM parameters.

UTM parameters such as `utm_source`, `utm_medium`, and `utm_campaign`, are a way to track the source of a visitor. 
They are added to a URL to track where a visitor came from.

We track these UTM codes:

- `utm_source` (e.g.: google.com)
- `utm_medium` (e.g.: search)
- `utm_campaign` (e.g.: summer_sale)
- `utm_content` (e.g.: summer_sale)
- `utm_term` (e.g.: summer_sale)

### Referral parameters

> We collect and store referral parameters.

Referral parameters such as `referral` and `ref` are a way to track who referred a visitor. 
They are added to a URL to track where a visitor came from.

We track these UTM codes and assign it to each user:

- `referral` (e.g.: google.com)
- `ref` (e.g.: search)

### Wallet Type

> We collect and store the crypto wallet type of visitors.

We collect the wallet type (EIP6963's `rdns` identifier) to identify the wallet type of the visitor.

### Wallet Address

> We collect and store wallet addresses.

We collect the wallet address to identify a visitor.

### Chain Id

> We collect and store chain ids.

We collect the chain id to identify the connected chain of the visitor.

### Wallet Connected

> We collect and store wallet connected status.

We collect the wallet connected status to identify if a visitor has connected their wallet.

### Sig and Tx Metadata

> We collect and store signature and transaction metadata.

We show you user activity feeds, similar to a blockchain explorer.
To display this data, we collect signature and transaction metadata such as statuses (success, failed, pending, etc.) and hashes.
