features/concepts.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Core concepts'
---

Here are 3 core concepts you need to know:

1. **Events** are the things that happen in your app.
2. **Users** are the people who use your app.
3. **Properties** are the attributes of your users and events.

<Frame>
	<img width="500" src="/images/event.avif" alt="Events and Users" />
</Frame>

### Events

An event is **a data point that represents an interaction between a user and your product.** 

Events can be a wide range of interactions. For example, every time a user connects a wallet or performs an transaction on your app, there are details which describe that action the moment it happens. 

Actions like visiting a page, connecting a wallet, and depositing on a DeFi protocol can all be tracked as an event in Formo.

### Users

A user is **the specific individual who completed an interaction with your product.**

Each user has a unique identifier that you can use to track their activity. Formo uses wallet addresses as a user identifier for logged-in users and an autogenerated visitor ID for anonymous users.

### Properties

Properties are **additional information about users and events.**

A Connect Wallet event has wallet address and chain ID (Ethereum, Base, etc.) A Page View event has page URL, referrer URL, and other metadata.

Commit message:

Document planned features & roadmap (#15)
* [G-1515] Document SDK functions, event schemas, roadmap (WIP)

* Add planned features

* More content

* Content

* Add contract events

* Refine links

* Fix cal links

* Updates

* APIs

features/concepts.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Core concepts'
---

Here are 3 core concepts you need to know:

1. **Events** are the things that happen in your app.
2. **Users** are the people who use your app.
3. **Properties** are the attributes of your users and events.

<Frame>
	<img width="500" src="/images/event.avif" alt="Events and Users" />
</Frame>

### Events

An event is **a data point that represents an interaction between a user and your product.** 

Events can be a wide range of interactions. For example, every time a user connects a wallet or performs an transaction on your app, there are details which describe that action the moment it happens. 

Actions like visiting a page, connecting a wallet, and depositing on a DeFi protocol can all be tracked as an event in Formo.

### Users

A user is **the specific individual who completed an interaction with your product.**

Each user has a unique identifier that you can use to track their activity. Formo uses wallet addresses as a user identifier for logged-in users and an autogenerated visitor ID for anonymous users.

### Properties

Properties are **additional information about users and events.**
- Event properties are attributes that describe details specific to the particular instance of an event. For example, if you had a Purchase Completed event, you could specify what the user purchased, the total value of the order, and the payment method used.
- User properties are traits describing the user and apply across all their future events until the properties are modified. Formo's SDK captures several user properties by default, and you can also set up your own properties to track.

More Examples:
- A Connect Wallet event has wallet address and chain ID (Ethereum, Base, etc.) 
- A Page View event has page URL, referrer URL, and other metadata.
- A User has net worth and first-touch UTM parameter properties.
